---
layout: post
title: 2016 In Review
published: false
---

The people we now call Vikings measured their years, their ages, in winters, 
not years. Winters in the Netherlands, before 1000 A.D., were pretty brutal.  
Winters were something you survived; they were a mark of distinction.

Winters aren't much nicer in upstate New York. Moreso, some of the most brutal 
realities of what happened last year are yet to pass. This review, then, is not 
a full telling of This Winter, but it captures all the warm months.  Future 
archaeologists, take note.  

Also, archaeologists: Are you still forced to fill out Captchas? I bet not. I 
hope you appreciate that little grace. Anyways.

### Working for the New York Times

The Paper of Record[^1] purchased the company I joined in 2015. The company is 
technically Submarine Leisure Club, which was always fun to explain to loan 
officers and TSA Pre agents. Submarine Leisure Club was the company started by 
Brian Lam to launch [The Wirecutter](http://thewirecutter.com) and [The 
Sweethome](http://thesweethome.com). They bought us because they respect our 
work, and they are interested in our revenue model (affiliate revenue, with 
full disclosure and editorial integrity).

If those previous two links don't work when you read this, we're probably fully 
integrated into the Times now. Or the web is broken. That's not as far-fetched 
as it sounds, once you've seen what holds the web (or the country) together.  
Ahem.

So far, not much about my actual job has changed. I still use things, assesss 
things, argue about how I used and assessed those things, and fill spreadsheets 
with rows of product details and notes that seem lightly unhinged. But if I 
step back, I'm working for the New York Times, and this is something that makes 
me very proud.

It would have made my old man proud, no doubt. When I was a young reporter, 
every time I would visit home on a holiday, my dad would ask me, "Why don't you 
send your articles to the New York Times?" I used to think, like all children, 
that my dad just didn't _understand how it works now_. But now I think: You 
know, he 

Lifting 
NYT
In Pod Form 
Donald Trump and the healthiest president 
TEDxBuffalo
Steam/Xbox games
Twitter review
Website posts
Steps/exercise?

[1]: 
