---
layout: post
title: 2020 In Review
published: false
---

If you spot a typo or formatting quirk, let me know by [tweet](https://twitter.com/kevinpurdy/) or [email](mailto:kspurdy@gmail.com?subject=Error%20in%202019%20In%20Review%20post).

+ [Moved to DC](#dc)
+ [Repairs](#repairs)
+ [Raspberry Pi](#pi)
+ [Bikes](#bikes)
+ [Baking (Plus a Snack Mix Recipe)](#baking)
+ [Writing](#writing)
+ [Awesome Buffalo](#awesome)
+ [Ugh, Twitter](#twitter)
+ [Reading](#reading)
+ [Games](#games)
+ [Pictures of Pets](#pets)

<a name="dc"></a>
## Moved to DC

I wrote last year about what it was like [leaving Buffalo after nearly 20 years](https://thepurdman.com/leaving-buffalo/). What's it like moving to DC? Because of the pandemic, I have some solid guesses and a few anecdotes. But I don't really live in a full-fledged city that's alive yet. Soon, I hope, but so does everybody.

The days and weeks leading up to the move were about as stressful as any stretch of time I can remember. We lived in a big Victorian house, with an attic, basement, backyard, and garage for 11 years. We were moving to a 2-bedroom apartment. We knew the big-picture things that had to go. Why else would I make a 3D model of the new apartment floor plans, measure all our furniture, and see which items fit? Except our apartment building gave us the penthouse floor plan, labeled as if it were our second-floor apartment. Whoops.

Clutter is a bunch of decisions you haven't made yet. When you buy a house, you sometimes take on the indecision of the previous owner. And then your parents and relatives and friends, seeing you with all that empty space, toss in some deferred decisions, too. Even after you make the "get rid of it" decision, you have to make the disposal decision: sell, give away, donate, or trash. And then: properly trash, or irresponsibly trash.

I remember frantically texting my friends who had moved out of Buffalo homes before. What's the dump like? Will it really be open at 11 a.m. on a Wednesday? What if I don't have a paper bill to prove my residency, will they take a printed-out copy of my emailed statements? You picture your last days of moving being tearful goodbyes and wisful stares at your front door. There is some of that. There is also praying that one of your neighbors has a hammer drill that's charged, because yours is drained, the last hex bolt holding this table together is stripped to Hell, and the person who bought this table on Facebook Marketplace says they're on their way from 10 miles away.

I did, however, discover the joy that is belonging to [your local Buy Nothing group](https://buynothingproject.org/), and selling things on eBay like you have nothing to lose. I was so inspired by this discovery, I wrote the kind of [rant about personal responsibility nobody wants to read](https://buynothingproject.org/). Seriously, though: lose your second-hand guilt, if you're lucky enough to have it.

Liz and I live in [Southeast D.C.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southeast_(Washington,_D.C.). It's not what most people think of when they think of the city.